- Okay.
What do I do next?
- Oh! I need to spray
your hands and feet with butter.
- Cool cool.
- Here we go.
Hands.
- Feet.
- Okay. Chew toys are ready.
- And I'm all buttered!
- Yeah, let's do this!
And we are...
Recording.
Game Shakers. Test for new game
called Billy Butterman.
Ramp test, number one.
- Okay, Hudson!
Come and get
the hideous princess!
- One!
- Two! Three!
- C'mon Hudson!
- Go test boy!
- Get this princess!
- Go get her!
- Wait wait wait,
hang on a sec...
Awww fudge balls.
Sorry, I gotta go.
I'll be back in twenty minutes.
- Why ya gotta leave?
- Y'know my three-legged dog?
- Wobbles?
- Yeah.
His prosthetic leg
fell off again.
And then my mom tried
to put it back on,
- Kenzie...
- but Wobbles doesn't like it
when people touch his stump...
- Kenz!
Just go.
- Bye.
- Hey Kenz.
- Yo Kenzie!
- I can't talk right now,
my dog's leg fell off.
- Uh... so what
you guys laughin' about?
- Yeah, what's so funny?
- What's so funny?
Hey Ruthless, they want
to know what's so funny.
- Will you guys quit
givin' me a hard time?
- Uh, nope!
Ay, so check this out,
all right...
I wanted to buy this
new motorcycle, right?
And, Bunny found it for me
for sale, on the internet...
- So he bought the motorcycle
for Dub to ride!
- Okay, and what's
so funny about Bunny
buying you a new motorcycle?
- Oh! Hey, hey, Bunny...
show 'em.
- He paid $29,000 for that!
Hey... hey who wants to
go for a little ride?!?
Beep beep!
- Okay... okay...
don't be mean.
I'm sure Bunny didn't realize
that the motorcycle was...
teeny.
- Yeah.
I thought it was normal-sized.
- All right, all right,
we've got like a ton
of work to do here, so...
- Oh yeah. We know.
We just came by
to drop off Trip.
- But where's Trip?
- Huh? What?
Where's Trip?
- I guess I forgot to bring him.
- What do you mean
you forgot to bring him?!?
- I... I...
- I! I! I!
- All right, Dub...
lighten up on Bunny, will ya?
- Oh, ya know what...
$29,000!
For a motorcycle!
For ants!
- I know, but let's think
about all the good,
smart things Bunny does for you.
- Oh, okay. Hmmm...
I'm done!
- C'mon Dub, you know I'm smart.
I graduated
from business school.
I know. From Princeton.
- Hey Dub, look...
I found an '88 Dukakis,
and it's still running.
- Yeah, now that's what I want.
Hey Bunny, Hubbins
found me a real motorcycle...
and he didn't even
go to Princeton.
- It's true.
I barely got through
seventh grade.
- Oh, please, Bunny might
get things wrong sometimes,
but he works really hard
and I think you're
lucky to have him.
- Oh, really?
Okay...
So why don't you and I
trade dummies for a while?
- Huh?
- Yeah! Since you think Bunny's
such a "good employee,"
why don't you have him
work here at Game Shakers,
and I'll have Hubbins
come work with me.
- Well... I don't know...
- Ohhhhh!
So when you said,
"Bunny might get things
wrong sometimes
"but he's a really hard worker
and I think you should be lucky
to have him!"
you were just fulla fudge.
- I am not full of fudge.
- Fudge!
- Stop it!
Bunny...
Kenzie and I would love
to have you work with us
at Game Shakers for a while.
- You would?
- Totally.
- Wait! So that means
I get to go work for Dub?
- Yep.
- Whoa!
This setup sounds
like a recipe for hilarity!
- Heh heh, yeah it does.
Come on, Hubbins...
you got work to do.
- Okay!
- Let's go!
- We're gone!
- Bye Kenzie.
- See ya.
- Later Kenzie!
- I couldn't get it
back on my dog.
♪ Now let me see
the club go off ♪
♪ When I step on the mic
♪ Game Shakers in the spot
♪ And it's popping tonight
♪ You know the whole
squad filthy ♪
♪ Yeah, we papered up
♪ So when you hear
that beat bang ♪
♪ You better drop dat what
♪ Drop dat
♪ Let the bass get low
♪ And make the whole club go
♪ Drop dat
♪ Cuz I can't get enough
when you ♪
♪ Drop dat
♪ But you better pick it up
- Kay, come on.
Guys, let's rock-n-roll!
- Hey, sorry...
I was helpin' Bunny
put on his sports suit.
- Hey hey!
- All right Bunny...
your job is to
climb up towards me,
and try to save
this hideous princess.
- Got it.
- Oh wait, you gotta
do the butter spray.
- Oh, right.
- No no, Bunny, stop!
- Aw geez Louise!
- You don't butter your tongue.
- You spray it
on your hands and feet
to make 'em all slippery.
- Oh right, right.
- Okay... Recording.
- Rolling.
- Squeaking.
- Okay. Game Shakers.
Test for new game
called Billy Butterman.
Ramp test, number two.
- Okay, Bunny!
Here's the hideous princess.
You're pretty on the inside.
Come-n-get 'er!
- Woo!
- Go Bunny!
- Do it Bunny!
- Yeah, let's go bunny!
- C'mon!
- Do it Bunny!
- C'mon Bunny!
- Come on Bunny,
she's hideous and she needs you!
- Okay! I'm comin'!
- Ahhhh!
- Help! Help me!
Owwww!
Somebody help me!
My leg!
- I'm pulling!
- So then what happened?!?
- All right, so, I looked
at Melinda, and I said,
"Ay! Melinda...
if you're gonna be sittin'
here in my hot tub,
then you can't be droppin'
all them French fries
in the water!"
- Nuh uh.
- No, not the French fries!
- So then what happened?
- Uhhhh, man, uhhhhhhhh...
How old are you?
- Thirteen.
- Thirteen, hmm...
well, after the hot tub,
Melinda and I...
watched the Jimmy Fallon show...
and... that's all.
- Well...
why didn't you kiss her?
- What! I didn't say
that I didn't get...
What! Ah...
You know what,
what's on the schedule
for today?
- Well, I saw you
had an appointment
today at four o'clock
with your personal trainer?
- Ahhhhhh, dang it,
I forgot all about that.
- Ha! Looks like Dub's
gonna be doin' some exercises!
- Bahhhhhh.
- Uh, actually,
I canceled your workout.
- You canceled it?
- Yeah.
You've been working really hard,
and I felt like you could
use some time to relax.
- Aw, Hubbins!
That was very thoughtful of you.
- Excuse me...
I'm here for Double G.
- Y-you're what?
- KABLAM!!!
- I booked you a massage...
With The Massage Squad.
I hope that's okay.
- A massage?!?
Yeah that's okay!
- Awesome. In here.
- Whatcha thinkin'?
- I'm thinkin'...
Hubbins deserves a huggins.
- Yay!
More spinning!
- Wow dude...
Bunny straight up
broke your leg.
- Yeah, I know.
- He turned your leg
into a two-parter.
- It really hurts.
- I bet.
Hey, will you go grab me
a soda from the fridge?
- But... My leg...
I mean...
- You have crutches.
Go.
- Hey there Game Shakers.
- Hey Kenzie.
- My leg hurts.
- Awwww, no nooooo.
- What's up?
- What's the prob?
- Yesterday, before I left work,
I asked Bunny if he would please
clean my computer keyboard.
- And?
- He scrubbed the dang letters
off the keys.
Okay, what are we
gonna do about Bunny?
- How 'bout we break his leg?
- I'm serious.
He's worse than Hudson.
- Yeah. And at least
when Hudson screws up,
he has the cute little giggle
that somehow makes
everything okay.
Hehehehehe.
- Owww.
- Thanks, Trip.
- No problem.
- Hey everybody!
I picked up the stuff!
- Hey Bunny.
- Picked up what?
- Look, I got the new
Game Shakers T-shirts.
- Oh yeah?
- They're ready?
- They came out really nice.
Check this out...
- Yeah....
- Uh.....
- That's pretty small.
- Yeah, what other
sizes did you get?
- Well, that's the only
size I got.
- Wait wait,
you're sayin' you bought
two hundred of those T-shirts...
All size...
What is size is M-P?
- Mini petite.
- Bunny, just please take
these back to The Shirt Locker
and see if you can exchange them
some for some bigger sizes.
- And see if they have
any leg bone glue.
- Okay.
I'm sorry guys.
- It's okay Bunny!
- Yeah, don't feel bad!
All right, we gotta fire him.
- Yeah, can't we just
get Hudson back?
- Look, I know Bunny's been
messin' up here pretty bad...
but I bet Hudson's making
Dub's life a nightmare.
- Ohhhh...
I'm so happy.
Yeah, this is how
life oughtta be.
Hey! Hubbins!
You're the best!
- Eh, just doin' my job.
- Hey Dub!
Melinda's here!
- What, already?!?
- Get up, hurry! Everybody,
into the recordin' booth!
- Hubbins, help me
get my robe on!
- Sure thing.
- Aww..
- Okay, arm through.
- Okay, you know what to do?
- Yep. Just break up with her.
- Good. I would do it myself,
but I don't want to.
- No worries, I got you.
Hiii. Welcome.
- Hey. I'm Melinda,
Double G called
and asked me to meet him here?
- Right.
Have a seat Melinda.
- Well uh, first,
thanks for coming
in at such short notice.
- Uhhh...
sure, no problem.
So... where's Double G?
- Oh yeah, sorry...
He couldn't be here.
- Well then I don't understand.
Why am I here?
- Look, I'm really sorry,
but Dub can't go out
with you anymore.
- What?
- Don't feel bad.
It's not him.
It's you.
- So, that's it?
I should just leave?
- Well, uh sure. Okay.
- All right then.
- Wait...
did you valet park?
- Uh, yeah.
Here's my ticket.
- We don't validate.
- Ugh!
- So, I handled that okay?
- Okay?!?
Son, I'm thinkin'
you're never goin'
back to Game Shakers...
'cuz I might want you
workin' here with me,
all the time.
Aw, I love you Hubbins.
C'mere, son...
- That's not my name
and I don't even care.
- Oh yeah, and yesterday,
I left a container of my mom's
corn chowder
in the Game Shakers fridge,
and Bunny threw it out.
- Oh yeah, that's
"so much worse"
than havin' Bunny
break your leg.
- Okay okay...
we just need to focus
on getting Hudson to come
back to Game Shakers,
and then Bunny'll go back
to working for Dub...
and then all will be
right with the world again.
Hey hey, here comes Hudson.
- Hey there my little
Game Shakers.
- Hey.
- Sup man.
- Uh... nice coat.
- Thanks.
Dub gave it to me as a bonus.
- Uh-huh.
- That's nice.
- So, we want you to quit
your job working for Dub
and come back to work
at Game Shakers.
- Awww, you guys miss me?
- Heck yeah.
- Totally.
- We really do.
- Well, I can't help ya.
Dub thinks I'm doing
an awesome job,
and he wants to keep me
workin' with him.
- Well, uh, that's cool,
but wouldn't you rather
hang out with us?
- Mm, I dunno.
Like, tomorrow,
guess who I get to meet.
That rapper Two Stains.
- Whaaaaat?
- For serious?
- Two Stains?
- That's way cool, but...
- Hang on,
I gotta go take a wazz.
Kenz, hold my coat, would ya?
- Well, now what
are we gonna do?
- I dunno, but I don't think
he's gonna quit Dub.
- Okay...
If Hudson won't quit my dad,
then we're gonna have to
get my dad to fire Hudson.
- Interesting.
- Got a plan?
- Well, not yet. But...
I know my dad is like dyin'
to work with Two Stains.
So, if Hudson messes that up,
I guarantee you he'll fire him.
- Here he comes.
- Just back me up.
- Cool cool.
- 'Kay-Kay.
- Hey you guys,
Dub texted me during my wazz,
so I really need to...
- Wait, wait, sit down,
- Yeah, sit sit.
- We gotta talk to you.
- What's goin' on?
- Well, you said that Dub
is having a meeting
with Two Stains tomorrow?
- Yeah, why?
- Well...
Two Stains hates Double G.
- Yeah. I bet it's because
of some kind of dispute.
- Anyway...
we're worried that
Two Stains might try to,
y'know, "do somethin'"
to my dad.
- You mean somethin' bad?
- Real bad.
- But wait...
how will I know
if Two Stains
is gonna try somethin'?
- Oh, well...
I read online...
that when Two Stains wants
to "get" someone he hates,
he just reaches
into his jacket pocket...
- Right into his
jacket pocket...
- And pulls out a...
- A thermal grenade!
- Yeah...
a thermal grenade.
- Thermal.
- Well, if anybody
tries to hurt Dub,
they're gonna get
a taste a'these.
Ooo, fruit salad!
- Two Stains!
- Yeah? What's up?
- Uh, I'm Triple G, y'know...
- Oh yeah... you're Dub's kid?
- Uh-huh. So uh...
can you help me out?
- Uhhh...
- I just want you to give
my dad this present.
- This is a red golf ball.
- Well, kinda but not really.
Anyway, as soon as
your meeting's about to end,
give this to my dad.
- Uh, all right.
- And don't say who it's from.
Just say, "Yo Dub, I got
a little present for ya."
- Man, I'm almost sure
this is a golf ball
that someone painted red.
- Right. Now here...
Just keep it in this pocket,
and don't forget to give
it to my dad. All right?
- Two Stains.
- Man, I'm never havin' kids.
- Well, look, I'm thinkin'
that we shoot the whole video
in just three days...
Know what I'm sayin'?
- I hear that.
- So, whatcha thinkin'?
- I'm thinkin' you and me...
we're gonna make a music video.
- Uh-huh, all right then.
- That's right!
- Oh, Dub...
- Hm?
- I got a little present for ya.
- Do you?
- AHHHHHH!!!!!
Nobody! Hurts!
Double! G!
While! I'm! Around!
- What are you doing!?
- You acting crazy!
What is wrong with you?
- Why did you rip
Tupac's ukulele off my wall
and beat Two Stains with it?!?
- I was protecting you!
- What?!?
- Wh... what the heck
was that about?!??!?
- Hey... hey Stains, listen,
I don't know what's
wrong with Hubbins.
- Yo man!!!
I don't wanna work with any crew
that beats me with
Tupac's ukulele!
- Yeah, but...
- I'M OUT!!!
- But Stains! But Stains!
- Out!
- But Stains!!!
Awwwww.
Do you know what you just did?
Do you know how long I've
been workin' to...
- What's wrong?
- It's... it's my allergies...
I'm havin' an allergy attack!
- Dub!!!
- What'd he say?
- He's havin' an allergy attack!
- Oh! Oh ...Uh...
- What'd you put
in this trail mix?!?
- Uh... granola... raisins...
pretzels... shrimp...
- SHRIMP?!?
Dub's allergic to shrimp!!!
- P.S. Who puts shrimp
in trail mix?!
- Peppy Pen...
Peppy Pen...
- What's he tryin' to say?!?
- Peppy Pen!
Where's Dub's Peppy Pen?!?
- I don't know!
Maybe... Wait!!!
Here it comes, Dub!!!
AHHHHHHHHHH!!!
- Aw man!
That's not a Peppy Pen!
- Huh?!?
- That's a regular pen!
The kind you
use to write a letter,
or leave a friend a note!
- I'm dyin'!
'Cuz of the shrimp!
- Hey hey!
- Help!!! Help! Come here!
- What's wrong?!?
- Dub's having a bad
allergy attack!
- What?!?
- Dad!!!
- Why?!?
Did he eat shrimp?!?
- Yeah!
- Well where's his Peppy Pen?!?
- I'll get it!!!
Ready Dub?!?
One... two... three!
- AHHHH!
- Dad, are you okay?!?
- Yeah...
he's gonna be all right now.
- Bunny, I want you to
come back and work for me.
Please.
- 'Course Dub.
You know I'll always
do whatever you need.
- That's good. 'Cuz I need
you to kill Hubbins.
- Better run, Hubbins.
- Thanks for the opportunity!
Mmm.
Captioning performed by
Teleperformance Rapidtext.